This is the Imgur Clop Compilation (ICC), a 
repository of MLP:FiM porn comprised of many 
imgur albums uploaded by various authors. The
content is organized in folders by common
themes like characters or fetishes.

By default, deduplication is performed to
reduce the number of extra files that would
otherwise increase archive download size, along
with file suffix correction for particularly
sensitive image viewers like Eye of GNOME.

Since albums can get larger over time as new
content is added, this collection comes with a
shell script to synchronize with albums online,
but it will only work in Unix-like systems
like GNU/Linux or environments like Cygwin for
Windows. Even if the script is not able to run,
it will not impede on the ability to view files
that come in with release of the ICC. Code for
the script is publicly available if you want to
benefit from new features and bugfixes. You can
also submit feature requests and bug reports.
Code is found here:
https://github.com/thaostra/Imgur-Clop-Compilation

It is recommended to update occasionally as so:
$ cd ./imgurClopCompilation

$ ./imgurRepoSync.sh
